[SDK] Improve process protected data (#267)
iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk: packages/sdk/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- `consumeProtectedData()`: Add two new status to ConsumeProtectedDataStatuses: "FETCH_WORKERPOOL_ORDERBOOK" and "PUSH_ENCRYPTION_KEY"

> - `processProtectedData()`: You can now pass it an `onStatusUpdate` callback to get similar "events" at each step of the process.

Reviewer: I don't get the word "similar".
Oh because it refers to the previous sentence?

I would write:
```suggestion
- `processProtectedData()`: You can now pass an `onStatusUpdate` callback to get update events at each step of the process.
```

Author: Commit: f8b18749ea9a30e6541c90806035c94fb59da9e7
